README.md, before:

# BuddyPress Security Check

Help combat spam registrations by forcing the user to answer a simple math sum while registering for your BuddyPress-powered site

## Description

This plugin will add a field to the BuddyPress registration form where the user will need to answer simple math sum before registering. This is an effort to stop spam bots from registering on your site. The math sum will be composed of adding, subtracting, multiplying, or dividing two random numbers between 0 and 10 (inclusive).

You can learn more at the [plugin's website](http://bungeshea.com/plugins/bp-sercurity-check/), or on [WordPress.org](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/bp-security-check)

## Installation

This plugin extends the functionality of [BuddyPress](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/buddypress), which must be installed for this plugin to work

1. Upload `bp-security-check.php` to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
2. Activate the plugin through the __(Plugins > Installed Plugins)__ menu in WordPress
3. Done! The plugin has no settings to configure, just install and activate

## Changelog

### 1.0
* Stable version release

Commit message:

Remove buggy multiplication and division functionality

README.md, after:

# BuddyPress Security Check

Help combat spam registrations by forcing the user to answer a simple math sum while registering for your BuddyPress-powered site

## Description

This plugin will add a field to the BuddyPress registration form where the user will need to answer simple math sum before registering. This is an effort to stop spam bots from registering on your site. The math sum will be composed of adding or subtracting two random numbers between 0 and 10 (inclusive).

You can learn more at the [plugin's website](http://bungeshea.com/plugins/bp-sercurity-check/), or on [WordPress.org](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/bp-security-check)

## Installation

This plugin extends the functionality of [BuddyPress](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/buddypress), which must be installed for this plugin to work

1. Upload `bp-security-check.php` to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
2. Activate the plugin through the __(Plugins > Installed Plugins)__ menu in WordPress
3. Done! The plugin has no settings to configure, just install and activate

## Changelog

### 1.0.1
* Remove buggy multiplication and division functionality

### 1.0
* Stable version release
